Rasterize - pass html as UTF-8 (#20056)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/ReleaseNotes/1_2_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Rasterize

> Fixed an issue in ***rasterize-email*** where the html parsed incorrect due to not UTF-8 charset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in ***rasterize-email*** where the HTML parsed incorrectly due to not UTF-8 charset.
```

> Fixed an issue in ***rasterize-email*** where the HTML parsed incorrectly due to not UTF-8 charset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in ***rasterize-email*** where some HTML inputs that contain a meta charset tag with non UTF-8 charsets were displayed incorrectly.
```
